For the tags, we make change to the order and color: FOUNDER (pink, no change) COLLABORATOR (yellow, collaborator) TINKERER (blue) OPTIMIST (green).
The matrix shall be moved up a bit.
'Current hightlights' block shall be a bit more compact; the labels shall be aligned and better designed for three blocks. The labels can be updated to: Co-Founder, Startup, Agent (for LibrAI Company), President, Hackathon, Industry (for Unimelb AI Group), LLM, Prompt, Hierarchy (for Chain of Command Research)
'Current hightlights's block headings shall all be two lines: LibrAI / Company, Melbourne / AI Group, Chain of Command / Research
'Current hightlights's link buttons in the blocks shall also be aligned horizentally. 
'Current hightlights' Emojis are not necessary. We may use actual logos. The logos are provided in logos.
'Fun Facts' block content update: Binary Connection - Yilin (一麟) sounds remarkably similar to "1-0" in Chinese pronunciation, hence the interactive matrix above.
'Fun Facts' block content update: Cat Boss - I have a 12-year-old cat named PiPi who's the real boss of the house.
'Fun Facts' block content update: Brain Bias - I read and understand fast but have a terrible memory, so I live on systems — like in Nolan’s Memento.
'Fun Facts' block content update: Wanderer — I enjoy living in places: China, Australia, the USA, Israel, and Singapore… with short visits to the Gaza border and North Korea.
'Fun Facts' block content update: Whale Watching - I go whale watching whenever possible, despite getting seasick every time.
'Fun Facts' block content update: Analog Hobby - Not a photographer, but I restore old film cameras and take them out for a spin (sometimes with fancy new cameras too).
'Let's Connect' Messagee update: I'm not the loudest in the room. Talking takes energy for me, but I care about real conversations. Reach out anytime, and I'll be glad you did.
My email: yilin.geng@outlook.com
My LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/10link/
No need to include Github link.